# GRID hotel Accommodation rules

URL: https://www.gridhotel.cz/en/conditions/
Načteno: 2026-07-04 00:56:39

## Zdrojové URL
- https://www.gridhotel.cz/en/conditions/

## Texty

GRID hotel Accommodation rules
Terms and manner of accommodation
1. GRID HOTEL ****, (hereinafter referred to as the “hotel”) is authorised to accommodate only a guest who has properly checked in. For this purpose, immediately after arrival the guest shall present to the receptionist a national identity card or other identity card, a passport or another travel document in accordance with the Act on the Stay of Foreigners in the Czech Republic.
2. Each guest who is not a citizen of the Czech Republic (who is a foreigner) is required in accordance with the Act on the Stay of Foreigners in the Czech Republic to complete and hand over at the reception an official document of registration of stay, in which the guest is required to provide truthful and complete information.
3. Based on an arrangement for accommodation ordered by the guest and confirmed in writing by the hotel, on the date of arrival the guest may check in between 2 p.m. and midnight. Until such time, the hotel will reserve a room for the guest, unless another request has been specified in the order and confirmed by the hotel.
4. A guest who checks in before 6 a.m. and/or insists on check-in before 10 a.m. shall be required to pay the full price also for the previous night, unless the guest and the hotel agree otherwise in advance.
5. Each guest accommodated at the GRID HOTEL **** shall check out by 10 a.m. By that time, the guest shall also vacate the room, unless the hotel and the guest have agreed in advance on other arrangements. If the guest does not vacate the room by the set time, the hotel shall be entitled to charge for the entire subsequent day, unless the parties have agreed in advance on other arrangements. The room will be considered vacated as soon as the guest removes all of his/her items from the room, hands over the key to an entrusted employee of the hotel and announces check-out. The hotel reserves the right to check the inventory of the room (furniture, appliances, forgotten items) and the guest’s payments and consumption, within 1 hour from when the guest vacates the room. The hotel shall not be liable for tangible property taken into the room by the guest after the guest has vacated the room or after the accommodation relationship between the hotel and the guest ends. If the guest does not vacate the room, the hotel reserves the right to prevent the guest from accessing the room, and if the guest does not pay fees for boarding or other amounts owed, then the hotel may exercise a retention right to any items brought into the room by the guest.
6. If the guest requests extension of stay, the hotel may at its own discretion offer a different room with a different rate than that of the original room. In such case the guest shall not be entitled to stay in the room originally occupied or to accommodation in another room, if such accommodation is not possible due to capacity or operating reasons.
7. The hotel reserves the right in exceptional circumstances to offer a guest different accommodation than originally agreed upon, if it does not significantly differ from the accommodation specified in the confirmed order.
8. The hotel shall provide services to its guests in the extent in which they have been agreed upon and in the extent allowed or required by applicable law. The guest shall be required to pay fees for accommodation and provided services in accordance with the hotel’s rate list no later than on the date when accommodation ends. This shall not affect payment terms based on accommodation agreements. The rate list for services during previous accommodation and other services may be viewed at the hotel reception.
9. The guest is required to adapt his/her stay at the hotel to his/her health condition and physical and mental abilities at the time.
10. The hotel reserves the right to refuse to accommodate a guest if the guest’s attire and/or behaviour does not correspond to good morals, if the guest is apparently under the influence of alcohol or other psychotropic substances or if the guest and/or the guest’s clothing or luggage is excessively dirty.
Payments for provided accommodation, cancellation fees
11. The guest is required to pay the fees for accommodation and provided services in accordance with the valid rate list, but no later than on the last day of stay based on a presented bill, along with settlement of any advance deposits provided by the guest.
12. The hotel reserves the right to require at the time of registration that the guest pay an advance of 50 % to 100 % of the price of accommodation or for this purpose request the guest’s payment card details. A reservation for accommodation shall become binding after an advance deposit has been received in the hotel’s account, unless the parties agree on different arrangements.
13. If the length of stay is shortened or if the guest makes any other changes, the hotel shall be entitled to charge the guest the full amount (100 %) of the agreed price for the entire length of stay.
14. The hotel shall be entitled to bill cancellation fees as well as to apply any advance deposits toward their payment, if the guest cancels the reservation in writing, electronically or by phone under the following conditions:
– Cancellation of non-refundable reservation is not possible and prepayment is nonrefundable. The hotel requires the guest’s payment card details for full prepayment of this reservation
to guarantee accommodation.
– In case of cancellation of a larger (5 or more rooms) reservation more than 30 days before the first day of the guests’ stay, this cancellation is free of charge.
– In case of cancellation of a larger reservation between the 30th day and 72 hours before the first day of the guests’ stay, the cancellation fee is 50 % of the total price of the reservation.
– In case of cancellation of a larger reservation less than 72 hours before the first day of the guest’s stay, the cancellation fee is 100 % of the total price of the reservation.
– In case of cancellation of a smaller (4 or less rooms) reservation within 72 hours before its start, this cancellation is free of charge.
– In case of cancellation of a smaller reservation less than 72 hours before its start, the cancellation fee is 100 % of the total price of the reservation.
These conditions shall apply unless the hotel and the guest have agreed in advance on different arrangements.
Hotel’s and guest’s responsibilities
15. The hotel shall be liable for damages caused to items brought into the accommodation parts of the hotel to the extent required by applicable legislation.
16. The hotel provides guests with safes in the rooms and recommends that guests place valuables in them. Placement of any items into the safe in a room cannot be considered acceptance of such items into the hotel’s custody.
17. The guest is liable for damage caused to the equipment or inventory of the accommodation facility in accordance with the relevant applicable legal regulations. In the event of damage or destruction of the property of the accommodation provider, the accommodation provider has the right to compensation for damage. It is in the guest’s interest to find out the value of the inventory in the event of depreciation or damage to the equipment in the room. The guest, as the legal representative, is liable for damage caused by minors for whom he is responsible, as well as for damage caused by persons or animals who are in the premises of the accommodation facility and whose stay was allowed there by the guest.
18. In the event of damage to the hotel’s property caused by the guest, the guest shall be required to compensate for damage at the latest on the last day of the guest’s stay or based on an invoice issued within 14 days of the last day of the guest’s stay; it must be paid within 10 days of its delivery to the guest, assuming that the hotel decides on such method of compensation for damages. The hotel is authorised to block and withdraw such billed amounts from the guest’s credit/debit card.
19. Laundry. The hotel reserves the right to refuse to clean/treat any laundry that is excessively soiled or damaged. The dry cleaning facility shall not be liable for any disruption in colouring (eco-friendly colours), buttons or adornments damaged during the cleaning process. Compensation for damage or losses for which the dry cleaning facility is at fault may reach a maximum of five times the price for cleaning or washing of particular laundry.
20. The hotel shall not be liable for theft and/or damage to motor vehicles left in the hotel’s parking lot. The hotel recommends that guests ensure that their vehicles are properly locked and secured. It also does not recommend leaving personal items in a vehicle. The hotel shall not be liable for any damage caused by a guest to third parties in the parking lot. The hotel also reserves the right to bill and require payment for damages caused to the facility’s property by the guest’s vehicle.
21. The guest is required to act in a manner that prevents harm to health, property and/or the environment. Prior to leaving the room, the guest is required to close the windows, shut off water taps, switch off electrical appliances and lock the room.
22. The hotel shall not be liable for any damages caused outside of the hotel’s reserved premises and zone.
Catering and sale of alcoholic beverages
23. Consumption of alcohol in the accommodation facilities is permitted for persons who have reached at least the age of 18, but only items on the drink or wine menus of the hotel.
24. The guest is not authorised to bring into the room any alcoholic beverages or other food/drink products purchased anywhere other than at the hotel.
25. The guest is required to familiarise the hotel staff with any serious health or dietary limitations by reporting them to the reception.
26. The staff are entitled to refuse to serve alcoholic beverages to persons under the age of 18 or to persons apparently under the influence of alcohol.
27. The hotel shall provide breakfast, lunch and dinner at the GRID BUFFET restaurant during the periods of time specified by the hotel staff.
28. The guest is required to wear an identification band on their wrist when arriving for breakfast. The staff is authorized to check that it is worn. In the event of a break or other damage to this band, the guest will receive a new band from the hotel reception in exchange for the damaged piece.
29. All rooms in the hotel include mini bars, which each guest may use at his/her own discretion. The prices and services are specified in the price list for the mini bar. Mini bars are replenished daily by the hotel staff. Each consumed or re-added item in the mini bar is recorded on a check list by the room service staff.
30. The completed check list for the mini bar, or the blank check list if the guest has not consumed anything from the mini bar, must be signed and handed over to the reception by the guest at check-out time. Otherwise, the guest’s bill cannot be closed. By signing the check list, the guest confirms the amounts consumed. The hotel is not required when the guest checks out to check the status and number of items in the mini bar.
31. In the event of any discrepancies in consumption from the mini bar, the guest will be billed the owed amount. Later complaints by the guest regarding the amounts of consumption will not be taken into consideration. The hotel is authorised to block and withdraw such billed amounts from the guest’s credit/debit card.
Generally valid provisions
32. The spaces in the ground floor of the hotel and/or other common areas of the hotel are reserved for receiving of visitors by accommodated guests. A guest may receive visitors in his/her room only with the consent of a responsible employee or of the hotel management between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m., and all such guests must sign in. A hotel employee is not authorised to provide any information about accommodated guests to any third parties (except for police officers who prove their identity and prove the legitimacy of their demands for such information), nor to allow any third party’s to visit a guest without the guest’s permission.
33. Without obtaining permission from a responsible employee or from the management, no guest shall be permitted in the room or in the common areas to relocate any interior furnishings, carry out any changes or adjustments to equipment or interfere with electrical wiring or other installations.
34. Guests are not permitted to use their own electrical appliances in their rooms. However, this restriction does not apply to appliances used for personal hygiene (shavers, massage devices, fans, etc.).
35. Guests are not permitted to bring into their rooms any items for storage for which there are no allocated storage spaces, such as sport equipment, bicycles, carts, etc. Each guest must inform the reception of the need to store such items. The guest shall be billed in full for damage caused to the hotel’s property even despite this restriction. In the event of a breach of this restriction, the hotel shall be entitled to bill the guest a contractual fine of CZK 1,000 for each instance of breach. If greater damages are caused, the hotel reserves the right to bill for such damages in full.
36. Smoking is strictly prohibited in all inside areas of the hotel! It is permitted only in designated outdoor areas. Smoking in rooms is strictly prohibited. In the event of a breach of this restriction, the hotel shall be entitled to bill the guest a contractual fine of CZK 5,000 for each instance of breach. If greater damages are caused, the hotel reserves the right to bill for such damages in full.
37. Use of any narcotics or psychotropic substances at the hotel is strictly prohibited. If a guest violates this restriction, the hotel staff shall be entitled to inform the Czech Police immediately and to cancel the guest’s stay.
38. Dogs and other animals may be present in the accommodation facilities only with permission from a responsible employee or based on a prior agreement with a guest, under the condition that the animal’s owner proves that the animal is suitably healthy. The price for accommodation of an animal shall be billed based on the valid rate list. The following measures apply for accommodation of dogs and other animals:
Dogs and other animals are prohibited from entering and staying in areas where food products are stored or prepared or where food and drinks are served.
Only small dog breeds are permitted to enter accommodation areas.
In all public areas, each dog must be on a leash and wear a muzzle.
Dogs and other animals must not be allowed to rest on beds or other furnishings reserved for use by guests.
Items intended for preparation or serving of food to guests may not be used to feed dogs or other animals.
In the event of any damage to equipment by an animal, the guest shall be required to pay for such damage in full. The animal’s owner and the guest who has allowed the animal’s presence in the room shall be fully liable for the animal’s actions.
For any breaches of the rules and measures specified above, except for direct damage to property, for which the guest will be billed in full, the guest will be billed for additional cleaning of the room or of any other areas dirtied by the animal an amount of up to CZK 5,000. The hotel also reserves the right to bill in full for direct costs for cleaning that exceed the specified amount. The hotel also reserves the right to require payment for new linens on which animals have been allowed to rest. The guest will be billed in full for such linens.
Cleaning, checking and repairs in a room where a guest is accommodated with an animal must be enabled in a condition that will not jeopardise the safety of hotel staff or of other guests. Checking must be allowed at least once per day for discovery of damages or excessive dirtying. Staff are not required to carry out cleaning or repairs in rooms if they feel threatened by a dog or other animal.
39. Before checking out, the guest is required to return the room access card.
40. The hotel will charge CZK 100 for each lost or ruined card.
41. Guests are required to place rubbish only in designated containers in reserved areas.
42. For safety reasons, the hotel staff recommend not leaving children age 12 or under in rooms or in other common areas without adult supervision.
43. During the period from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m., guests are required to respect the night-time quiet period. With permission from the operator (a member of management or a manager’s assistant), guests may also organise social events in the hotel’s facilities after 10 p.m., but only in designated areas.
44. Guests must not carry firearms, ammunition or other weapons into the hotel facilities or otherwise have them in a status ready for use.
45. The hotel management welcomes complaints from guests as well as suggestions for improvement. A questionnaire is available in each room or at the reception.
46. Any disputes arising in connection herewith shall be resolved by courts in the Czech Republic. In disputes regarding compensation for damages in which a sued party is a person having residency in an EU member state, the court with jurisdiction at the place where the damages occurred shall have jurisdiction for resolution of the matter, pursuant to Article 5(3) of Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000, on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial matters.
47. The guest is required to comply with the provisions of these Accommodation Rules. If the guest fails to comply with these Rules, the hotel shall become entitled to cancel provided accommodation services and withdraw from this agreement before the length of stay agreed upon has lapsed. In such case, the hotel shall still be entitled to payment in full of the price of accommodation. The guest shall then be required to leave the hotel immediately. The guest is required to become familiar with the hotel’s operating and safety rules, including in relation to all of its equipment, and to comply with them.
48. By signing, the guest hereby confirms having become familiar with the hotel’s operating rules. Accommodation of guests is governed by Czech law, based on Czech law and based on these rules. By accepting accommodation, the guest agrees to comply with these Accommodation Rules as contractual terms and conditions for accommodation and with all of their provisions. The guest is required to become familiar with these rules, as any unawareness of them will not be taken into account.
49. Each guest providing the hotel with his/her personal details from identity documents upon establishment of the guest’s stay hereby grants consent for processing and storage of such personal data within GRH s.r.o., in accordance with Act No. 101/2000 Coll., as amended.
Consumer protection
We are hereby providing you with all information required under the provisions of Sections 1811 to 1820 of Act No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code, as amended (hereinafter the “Civil Code”).
The hotel hereby provides accommodated guests with the following information:
a) Hotel’s identity and contact details: GRH s.r.o., Ostrovačická 936/65, 641 00 Brno, Tax ID number: CZ04996364, a limited liability company registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Regional Court in Brno, section C, entry 92997;
b) Hotel’s main line of business: providing of accommodation services;
c) description of services: the hotel arranges accommodation and related services for accommodated guests based on the terms and conditions specified in the confirmation of each hotel reservation;
d) costs for remote communication means: costs for remote communication means shall be specified by parties providing services involving remote communication means, and these costs do not differ from the basic rate;
e) details about the existence, manner and conditions for out-of-court settlement of complaints from consumers, including information about whether a complaining party may contact a regulatory body: an accommodated guest is entitled to file a request for an out-of-court settlement of such dispute to the designated party for handling out-of-court resolution of consumer disputes, which is:
Czech Trade Inspection Authority (ČOI)
Ústřední inspektorát – oddělení ADR Štěpánská 15, 120 00 Praha 2
[Central Inspection Office, ADR Department, Štěpánská 15, 120 00 Prague 2]
Email: adr@coi.cz / Web: adr.coi.cz.
The Czech Trade Inspection Authority is the body overseeing consumer protection and acts in accordance with Act No. 65/1986 Coll., on the Czech Trade Inspection Authority, as amended, and other legislation. The Czech Trade Inspection Authority’s website is www.coi.cz ;
f) in accordance with the provisions of Section 1837, letter j) of the Civil Code, accommodated guests as consumers are not entitled to withdraw from an agreement on accommodation if the hotel is providing the accommodation during the periods of time agreed upon;
g) identity of the EU member state(s) whose legislation shall govern the relationship between the accommodated guest and the hotel based on the reservation confirmation; Czech Republic;
h) information about the language in which the accommodated guest shall use with the hotel for the duration of the stay and in which the hotel will provide accommodated guests with the contractual terms and other information: Czech.
These Accommodation Rules are valid as of 1 June 2017 and were updated on 14 November 2023.
GRID HOTEL complaints procedure
GRID HOTEL is operated by GRH s.r.o., whose registered seat is at Ostrovačická 936/65, Žebětín, 641 00 Brno, identification no.: 04996364, tax identification no.: CZ04996364, address Ostrovačická 936/65, Masarykův okruh, Automotodrom Brno grounds, 641 00 Brno – Žebětín, Czech Republic
(the “Hotel”).
1. Subject matter
1.1. This Complaints Procedure is governed in accordance with the applicable legal regulations, in particular Act No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code, as amended (the “Civil Code”) and the Consumer Protection Act No. 634/1992 Coll. (the “Consumer Protection Act”), the scope, conditions and manner of exercising the rights of the customer arising from defective performance resulting from the liability of the hotel for defects in accommodation, provided services or goods sold and their handling (“complaints”). The Complaints Procedure is also available on the Hotel’s website – www.gridhotel.cz
2. Making complaints
2.1. In the case of faulty services or services that have been provably ordered and confirmed but were not provided, the customer is entitled to lodge a complaint. The rights arising from defective performance may be exercised by the customer at any of the company’s premises, at its headquarters or with the provider of the Hotel services where the services or goods that are the subject of the complaint were purchased, or at the place where the service was provided by the hotel’s authorized representative.
2.2. The customer is obliged to lodge the complaint about the services provided in good time, without unnecessary delay, and if possible at the place where the service was provided. If the customer fails to lodge the complaint without undue delay, the complaint cannot be accepted. Customers are obliged to exercise their rights arising from defects of individual services purchased on the basis of an individual service agreement without undue delay after the defect was discovered, but not later than 6 months from the time when the service was provided. Complaints made immediately at the site allow the defect to be immediately removed, while with the passage of time the provability and objectivity of the assessment may be frustrated, and hence the possibility of a proper settlement of the complaint is rendered more difficult.
2.3. The rights arising from liability for defects in sold goods ceases to exist if they have not been exercised within 24 months of the date of receipt.
2.4. When making a complaint, the customer is obliged to state his or her name, surname, address and the nature of the complaint, to provide reasons for the complaint and, if possible, to substantiate the subject matter of the complaint. At the same time, it is recommended to provide proof of service, a copy of the order, invoice, payment receipt, etc., thus facilitating the handling of the complaint. In the case of purchased goods, the customer is required to submit the goods when making the complaint.
2.5. The customer can lodge a complaint in any form, indicating the date, the subject of the complaint and the preferred manner of handling the complaint. In the case of an oral complaint, the Hotel’s authorized representative is obliged to draw up a complaint report with the customer, or issue a written acknowledgment of receipt of the complaint. The report will indicate the customer’s personal data, when the customer made the complaint, the nature of the complaint, how the customer wishes to settle the complaint, and the date and method of settling the complaint. The report or acknowledgment of receipt of the complaint will be signed by the Hotel’s representative and the customer, who by signing expresses consent to its content.
2.6. If the customer also hands over to the Hotel or the provider of hotel services other documents concerning the complaint or other material regarding the complaint or the returned goods, this must be explicitly stated in the report.
3. Handling complaints
3.1. The Hotel is obliged to provide the customer with written confirmation of when the customer made the complaint, the nature of the complaint, how the customer wishes the complaint to be handled and, in the case of returned goods, confirmation of the date and method of handling the complaint and the period of time required or written justification for the refusal of the complaint.
3.2. If the customer exercises rights arising from defective performance related to services provided to him or her or which have already been provided to him or her, the head of the business providing the services in question or another representative authorized by the Hotel must, after conducting the necessary assessment of the factual and legal circumstances, decide on the complaint immediately, and in complex cases, within three business days. Until such time, the time required for an expert assessment of the defect is not counted. Complaints must be processed without undue delay, no later than 30 days after the customer has lodged a complaint, unless a longer period has been agreed with the customer.
3.3. In the case of written complaints, the provisions of paragraph 3.1 of the Complaints Procedure shall apply mutatis mutandis to their content.
4. Cooperation of the customer when handling complaints
4.1. The customer is obligated to cooperate on the handling of a complaint, in particular to provide information, submit documents proving the actual state, submit the goods complained about, specify his/her requests in terms of the reason and amount, etc. If required by the nature of the matter, the customer must enable the hotel’s authorised representative, as well as representatives of a service provider, to enter the space that was provided to him/her for accommodation, etc., so that they can check the legitimacy of a complaint.
4.2. In cases where the customer uses services without the presence of a hotel representative and the service provided is defective, the Hotel recommends that the customer also lodge a timely and proper complaint against the service providers.
5. Manner of handling complaints
5.1. In cases where the complaint is judged to be wholly or partly justified, the handling of the complaint shall consist in the free removal of the defect of the service or the goods that are the subject of the complaint, or, where possible, in the provision of a substitute service or the exchange of goods. Depending on the extent and duration of the defect, the customer is entitled to an appropriate discount on the price. This is without prejudice to the customer’s right to seek withdrawal from the agreement in cases stipulated by law. In cases where the complaint is judged to be unreasonable, the customer shall be informed in writing of the reasons for the rejection of the complaint.
5.2. If circumstances arise whose origin, course and consequences are not dependent on the Hotel’s will, activity or procedure (force majeure) or circumstances that are on the side of the customer, due to which the customer does not make full or partial use of the services that were ordered, paid for and provided by the Hotel, no entitlement shall arise to the customer to a refund of the price paid or to a discount of the price.
6. Other provisions
6.1. The generally binding legal regulations, in particular the Civil Code and the Consumer Protection Act, shall apply in all other cases.
6.2. In accordance with Section 14 of Act No. 634/1992 Coll., on Consumer Protection, as amended, the customer may resolve any disputes arising from contracts entered into with the Hotel by means of an out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes, such as the Czech Trade Inspection, whose registered seat is at Štěpánská 567/15, Prague 2, 120 00, website www.coi.cz .
7. Final provisions
7.1. These Complaint Rules enter into force and effect on 1 June 2017 and were updated on 14 November 2023.
7.2. This Complaints Procedure will be posted in a convenient and publicly accessible place in the Hotel as well as on the Hotel’s website at www.gridhotel.cz.
Ing. Karel Hubáček, Company Executive Officer
In Brno, on 14 November 2023
